All units. all units.
this is Sierra Whisky 45.
Stand by unless urgent.
Any patrols able to assist with
backup at Kenning Farm.
Attempted to clear private
property.
experiencing resistance.
Repeat. requesting backup at
Kenning Farm. over.
Get up!
Move.
Move!
Get up.
Move.
You. get them out of here.
You. get them cuffed.
We need another unit.
Sergeant Lawson to control.
we need more units.
Hands up!
It wasn't me.
Something in the shadows.
Well. this looks
straightforward enough.
Yeah.
Bust down the door. kick out
squatters.
secure the property.
Life of a bailiff.
Anything is better than last
gig. huh?
After facing armed insurgents
with suicide vests. yeah.
Now we get to scare pothead
teenagers.
Easy life.
We earned it. soldier.
Come on.
So. as agreed. first case.
If happy. let's make this a
regular agreement.
There's plenty more where that
came from.
You can guarantee me how many
kilos?
Unlimited.
My boys down the docks have got
final sign off
on the containers.
We good?
We very good.
This is private property.
This is your eviction notice.
lads.
You called the police?
No. did you?
We're not police. we're
bailiffs.
You told me this place is
clean.
Usually is.
I've got an idea.
Why don't you just turn around
and pretend none of this ever
happened.
Sorry lads. we can't let you
do that.
Then. you leave us no choice.
Caitlin.
Caitlin. stop.
Stop.
Hey.
Sorry. the door was open.
Latte?
Thanks.
I'm worried about you.
Don't be.
Come on. Caitlin.
Don't give me that tough soldier
act.
I saw you yesterday.
It all still bothers you.
doesn't it?
What is it you want me to
say?
Look. you've always had my
back.
I'm just saying I got yours.
This thing is gonna follow me
wherever I go.
Running away isn't gonna help.
True.
Problem is. Caitlin in this job.
we're literally everyday...
Yeah. and that's the life we
know.
Caitlin.
Look. knowing you've got my
back
is all I need right now.
Go on. go and get your gear
on.
Here we are look. couple of
bad asses.
Yeah. the police said you
guys pulverized those assholes.
Yeah. yeah. leave it out
lads.
No chance.
So let me get this straight you
two.
You stumble across a drug den.
and instead of calling the
police.
you take out the thugs
yourselves?
Now that's mad shit.
Nothing to be proud of.
Like the fuck it isn't.
Boss wants to see you two.
Now.
Thank you. Rebecca.
So. traditionally we let the
police handle
any violent or illegal
situations.
Well. it's not like we had a
choice.
It was self defense.
They attacked us and we took
care of the situation.
So. I guess I'm lucky that
you two are ex-Army.
Otherwise I'd be looking for two
new bailiffs.
Sorry.
Look. it won't happen again.
Another job for you two. if
you're up for it.
- Not really.
- Absolutely.
Don't worry. this one will be
far less exciting.
Some local brat has inherited
his father's old farm.
What are we evicting. sheep?
No livestock. just vagrants.
Vagrants?
Yes. the previous owner
allowed the homeless onto his
land.
The new owner is only interested
in selling the property.
So it needs to be cleared as
soon as possible.
Great.
So. we're kicking out homeless
people from their homes.
Nice job.
No. the police already
cleared the property.
You're going in to clean up and
secure the old farmhouse.
Okay. sounds simple.
Definitely more simple than
the last job.
Well. there's something.
Well. Rebecca will explain
the rest of the details to you.
Hey Boss. be honest with
me.
How many bad guys did you kill
in The Army?
Shut up Ol.
Caitlin totally killed
way more than Brad did.
Oh yeah. I got it.
She's a lean mean killing
machine
Oliver. enough.
Why on earth did we have to
bring this two. Caitlin?
Okay. we're nearly
there.
Straight ahead.
Morning everyone.
Morning. Rebecca.
So. what's the plan?
Hey. well. first things
first.
Jameson sent us over three extra
hands
to help us out on this one.
Is there a problem?
I thought this was a straight
enough job.
Didn't she tell you?
Our client is coming to watch
over things today.
Watch over things?
Nice.
He just wants to sell the
land.
Yeah. sounds good to me.
It's fresh meat.
But. no work for us.
A good manager always delegates.
Great. maybe you two can go
and pester somebody else today.
Guys!
Hey guys.
Welcome to the team.
- Caitlin.
- Tony.
- Lawrence.
Lawrence.
- Jen.
If you guys have any questions.
just let me know.
Thanks.
So the homeless were living
here?
Yeah.
Pretty much the entire land.
I'm amazed the council
allowed it.
It's not very sanitary.
To be honest with you.
I don't think that they were
fully aware
with just how many people were
living here.
This land is pretty far off the
beaten path.
Now it's down to the new owner.
Leave us alone.
- Leave us alone.
- Fucking protesters.
Go fucking protest on someone
else's land.
Fuckin' do-gooders. mind their
own fuckin' business.
Hi Mr. Kenning. I'm Rebecca.
Everyone. this is Mr. Richard
Kenning.
He recently inherited this land
off his father.
Sorry for your loss.
Don't be. dad was a prick.
The sooner that I can offload
this shit hole
and make some money. the better.
You won't be following in
your father's footsteps?
I'll help the homeless. when
I'm no longer in need
of help myself. thank you very
much.
Mr. Kenning. we're here to
help you clear the property.
Council won't let me sell it
until I do.
This is Caitlin and Brad.
they're our top team.
And I'm here if you have any
questions.
Why are the pigs here?
It's just standard procedure.
It speeds things up
paperwork-wise.
Fine.
So. you're in charge then?
What now?
I'm paying a fortune for you
lot.
So. our signage team will
make a start at the entrance.
and then we'll just work our way
through the house.
Michael. if you wanna take Tony
and Jen.
start at the front of the
property with signs.
make sure all the entrances are
secure.
Don't engage with the
protesters.
All right. come on. signage
team.
One of you get the toolbox.
other get the posts. follow me.
Ollie. do you wanna take
Lawrence?
Start unloading the van.
Quick as you can. Ol.
Yes sir.
Let's make a start in the
house.
What a dick!
Great.
What a shit hole.
We'll try and make this as
quick as possible.
Thanks.
We'll be glad to get out of
here.
Especially with him around.
What. Mr. Kenning?
Why. do you know him?
Yeah. he's very well known to
us.
A bit of a spiky character.
Fabulous.
There's always something. isn't
there?
I can't believe this is where
Lawson died.
Be glad to get out of here as
soon as possible.
Why. what's up?
It's DI Evans.
He wants me to wrap up these
missing people reports.
Sounds fun.
Cozy.
Yeah. the glamorous life of
the bailiff.
They delivered your boards
earlier.
Great.
So how many rooms do we have?
Six. I think.
Okay guys. looks like we need
safety gear for this one.
Safety gear?
Yeah. this place likely has
broken glass everywhere.
Well. I don't always agree
with you
but this time you're right.
Oliver.
Everybody tread carefully.
Told you.
It's probably safer if we
stay outside.
This is my house.
Of course.
Don't I know you from
somewhere?
Possibly sir.
Brad. if you could take PC
Williams and Lawrence.
do a recce down here. make sure
there's no squatters
or anything we need to deal
with.
Just me and you.
Great!
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa!
You love me really. bro.
Bro. really. I don't.
Ollie. if you PC Gray and I
take upstairs?
It looks clear so far.
He must have had one massive
porn collection.
Oh. sorry.
Sorry.
Just saying. looks like we're
good. right?
I'm sure I saw something.
Everything okay?
Ol. how are we doing up
there?
Yeah. yeah. we're all clear.
Hurry up. Ollie.
Come on. dad.
Give me a sign.
Investments.
offshore savings.
anything.
Do you miss your old man?
I told ya. dad was a prick.
He never let anyone come here.
Said his work was too important.
Maybe helping the homeless
really meant something to him.
You didn't know him.
He didn't care about anyone.
He didn't care when mom died.
He kicked me out the house when
I was 16.
I literally never saw him again.
Prick!
Right.
I'm done here.
Come on. dad.
What was so fucking important?
Look. Mr. Kenning.
My dad wasn't a good one. he
left when I was young.
and that forced me into The Army
as a teenager.
It was the best thing that ever
happened to me.
What I'm saying is. maybe we
don't need our dads.
or maybe your dad loved you in
his own special way.
Loved me?
He once beat me unconscious.
'cause I spoke before being
spoken to.
Fine.
So maybe your dad was a prick.
All right. I'm done here.
I'll meet you downstairs.
Us black guys hate the cold.
Next time. that fucking Ollie is
getting outdoor duties.
So. are we nearly done then?
Yeah.
I can't feel my fingers.
Looks like we got one more
entrance to mark.
Tell you what. a tea break.
yeah?
Oh. you read my mind.
Nice one.
It's still warm...
Guys.
Just stop fucking about. this
ain't funny.
It's scary enough out here as it
is.
Oh. guys. look guys. I...
What the fuck?
Shit!
Okay guys. we're set
upstairs.
how are we doing down here?
Yeah. I think we're just
about done.
Yep. we're happy.
Thank God.
Sick of this place. it's a shit
hole.
Great.
Where's Kenning?
Mr. Kenning.
Are you ready?
Just about.
Michael. Tony!
What's wrong?
I found Michael's phone.
He's just gone.
He's just gone. he's just
disappeared.
Vanished?
Playing silly buggers more like.
Michael!
Enough boys.
You've really scared this girl.
It's not like Michael to do
something like this.
Well then Ollie. you're no
longer my least favorite.
Yeah. even I'll admit this
isn't funny.
Enough of this.
Ollie. help me get the boards
off the window.
Right. I need a light down here
and a medipack now.
Just breathe. Ollie.
Deep breaths.
Deep breaths. Ollie.
It's Michael.
And what the hell has
happened to Tony?
It's the fuckin' man that
killed Michael.
Shut up Ol. it's obviously
more than one person.
Sit up. sit up.
This Officer 2472. do you
copy?
1907 calling in.
Nothing.
I had signal before.
There's something blocking
us.
The body came from upstairs.
Gray.
Yeah.
Everyone else. just stay here.
This is fucking insane.
Come on you. up on your feet.
Rebecca. help me.
Rebecca!
I'm gonna see about getting
some lights working here.
Jen. Lawrence. grab a torch.
I need you to help me. okay?
Come this way.
This is the police.
Put your weapons down. come out
with your hands up.
Stop. police.
Where'd he go?
No idea.
Oh. found it.
I think I've got a signal.
Guys.
Are you okay?
The floor. it just went out
from under us.
Jen doesn't look too good.
I'm gonna get down to you.
What the fuck?
This house is falling apart.
Jen and Lawrence are down there.
I need to get down to them.
No way.
There's no guarantees we can get
you back up.
Jen needs medical assistance.
We found someone upstairs.
- I knew it.
- We lost him.
There's a hidden doorway.
Leading where?
We don't know. all we could
see was steps
leading down into darkness.
But it's probably our best
chance of getting out of here.
It looks like we're in a
tunnel.
I can see some light in the
distance.
We need to split up.
Caitlin. no. that's crazy.
Potentially. there's two ways
of getting out of here.
This tunnel or their secret
doorway.
Let's increase our chances of
getting out of here.
and getting help by splitting.
She's right.
We divide by skill set.
PC Gray. come with me. PC
Williams. stay with Brad.
I hope you're right about
this.
Trust me.
Go and find the others.
We need to get out of here.
Good luck.
How is she?
Not good. she's barely
breathing.
There's some reaction to
stimulus.
but she's mostly out of it.
Looks like broken bones.
Possibly internal bleeding.
What can we do?
We have to leave her?
Alone?
I'll stay with her.
Are you sure?
Yep.
Pretty sure I'm happy not
finding out what that is.
Just don't do anything to
bring attention to you and Jen.
Keep your torch off and stay
quiet. do you understand?
If she starts to show signs
of consciousness.
just talk to her.
Try to keep her calm but keep
her awake.
Okay.
Let's keep her comfy.
Yeah.
Ready?
I've got a signal.
My battery.
But I had a signal.
It must be this spot.
No signal for me.
But I had a signal. I
promise.
Where's Jen's phone?
Smashed. probably in the fall.
Looks like mine is the only
one with any juice left.
The reception is not gonna get
any better down there.
Here. just check it periodically
for a signal.
Don't waste the battery by
checking every five seconds.
And if you do get a signal. just
call 999. nothing else.
Do you understand?
What kind of a house has a
secret staircase?
A fucked up one.
Thanks. Ollie.
What the fuck is that
supposed to mean?
It means. shut the fuck up.
Ollie.
Fuck off.
It's obviously illegal.
whatever it is.
Why else make it secret?
Sometimes pigs just need to
keep their noses
out of other people's
businesses.
It's a tunnel.
I guess we have no choice but
to keep going.
I guess.
What the fuck was that?
I don't like the sound of
that.
What do you think it was?
What. do you think it's what
killed Michael?
I'm hoping that young lad is
still alive down there.
What. Tony?
For his sake. I hope not.
What were you up to down
here. dad?
Are these bones?
Not just any bone.
Human bone.
Where are we?
Hell!
Shit.
Well come on stairs. pick a
tunnel.
There's literally two options.
Well. which option would you
take?
That one.
Maybe that one.
Let's just split up.
Absolutely under no circumstances
are we splitting up.
What's the matter?
Are you scared?
No. Mr. Kenning.
It's because we stand a better
chance of survival
if we stay as one unit.
If you can't decide which
path we're gonna take.
I think we need some proper
fucking leadership.
You?
What's the matter?
Don't like a strong man?
Knock it off Kenning.
Well. I say we take the
right. who's with me?
Left. definitely left.
- Suits me.
- Yeah.
Cowards.
Brad. this thing is
fucking useless.
I'm taking it off.
Get that fucking jacket off.
Giving us all away.
You look like a fucking traffic
cone.
Did you hear that?
Yeah.
What is it?
Go.
Where's she come from?
Everybody be really careful.
No loud noises. no sudden
movements.
Let's push on.
Take as long as you want.
pig.
What was that?
Williams.
Where is he?
Where the fuck did he go?
I don't know.
One minute he's here. next he's
not.
Okay. there's something very
bad down there.
Where the fuck. are you
seriously leaving us?
Some leader.
Oy. wouldn't you want him to
run after you
if you were the one they took?
I say we keep moving.
We're sitting ducks here.
Oh. shut up. Brad
wouldn't leave us.
I think Rich is right on this
one.
No. no. you were right
before.
Brad wouldn't abandon us.
Unless he's dead.
First the pig. then the idiotic
hulk.
Who's next?
I'm not sitting around here.
waiting to get took like that.
I'm going.
Well. I'd rather follow an
idiotic hulk
than a spoiled prick..
For fuck's sake.
- Brad!
- Did you find Williams?
No.
But I did find something else.
She must have been down here
for weeks. months even.
Yeah. well. she looks very
healthy. considering.
Are you okay?
Someone must be looking after
her.
Where's your mommy and daddy?
I think she wants to show us.
Why do I have a bad feeling
about this?
Some sort of a lab.
Was this your father's?
Jeez. your dad was into some
weird shit.
Guys!
What is this?
Give me that.
If this belonged to me dad. it's
mine now.
Just be careful Mr. Kenning.
okay?
We don't know what any of this
stuff is.
Anything good we find down
here is mine.
Do you hear me?
This is my property.
Sh!
Stay back.
Just punch her in the fucking
face.
- Shut up. Kenning.
- Seriously.
You're Dr. Kenning's son?
Well. who the hell are you?
My name is Maya.
I worked with Dr. Kenning.
and that vial is some of his
life's work.
In other words. it's mine.
Just keep your fucking hands off
it.
What is it?
It's hard to explain.
Wait. wait. wait.
You said you worked with
Kenning's old man.
What's going on?
Tell me why our group have been
killed.
What is going on down here?
Things are getting worse down
here.
We need to go now.
If any of you guys came down
here tracked.
it's not safe anymore.
We need to go now.
- You know a way out of here?
- Yes.
Come on let's go.
Hello. we found your
daughter.
Hello.
Little bitch stabbed me.
We need to stop the bleeding.
What are these things?
- I've no idea.
- Caitlin.
Are we gonna survive this?
How much further?
There's a long way to go yet.
Tell me about me dad.
He dedicated his life to
develop a serum
that creates better humans.
Better humans?
She means this.
You're seriously not thinking
about drinking that. are you?
What's it to you?
This is my dad's gift to me.
Oh. his gift to you?
I know he would've wanted
me to have it.
Oh. I can understand that.
Have only known you a couple of
hours.
would gladly let you take it.
Did the serum work?
Oh yeah.
Your father was a genius.
He's destined for great things
but.
one of his creations killed him.
His creations?
That's one of the creations?
His experiments were
successful in unforeseen ways.
That sounds very diplomatic.
What exactly does this serum do?
Heightened reactions.
heightened strength
but low intelligence.
Wait. where do they come
from?
To perfect his serum. Mr.
Kenning needed test subjects.
Hey. hey. hey. calm down.
Why am I here?
Why am I strapped in?
Please don't do this.
No!
Test subjects?
You mean the homeless?
Of course.
That's why he had all this scum
on his land.
He was experimenting on them.
It's genius.
Take worthless lives and make
them meaningful.
Worthless to who?
Everyone stop and be quiet.
Everyone down.
Where's Rebecca?
She was here a minute ago.
Rebecca.
Brad.
Sit down. Brad.
Rebecca.
Hey. get back.
You fucking prick.
Ollie. this is a big fucker.
give me help.
Rebecca.
Breathe. breathe.
Ollie. I need something to stop
the bleeding.
Rich.
And that woman.
don't trust them.
They're evil.
We gotta get her somewhere.
safely. come on.
Hello.
Lawrence.
Jeez. you scared the crap out
of me.
What's going on?
It's okay. don't worry.
Caitlin and everyone will be
back soon.
Back?
From where?
Where am I?
We fell down.
We were in the basement and
we fell through the floor.
into this tunnel underground.
Caitlin and Officer Gray have
gone on
to try and get some help.
How are you feeling?
My legs. I can't feel 'em.
They'll be back with some
help soon.
You can hold my hand if
you're scared.
I'm not scared.
What was that?
I have no idea.
Lawrence.
Yeah.
Don't let go of my hand.
Yeah. yeah. okay.
Promise me.
Yeah. yeah. I promise.
Hey. hey.
Did you see how fast that thing
was?
We didn't even see it coming.
Yeah.
Your father's serum at work.
Amazing.
You're very lucky to have
that.
It's very rare.
Will it make me faster?
Faster.
Stronger.
Smarter.
How long does it last?
The changes are permanent
but the serum won't stay potent
forever.
It's probably already starting
to weaken.
What do you mean?
That batch is the last batch
your father ever made.
There will never be any more.
I can make more.
Only your father knows the
process.
He never shared the formula with
anyone
or even wrote it down.
It died with him.
So that vial is the last vial
that might ever exist.
So. how do I know if there'll
be any
unforeseen side effects?
Give me the vial.
I can tell you.
I thought as much. but now I
know.
What?
This is the last batch your
father ever made.
It's the pinnacle of your
father's work.
So it's good?
He told me he perfected it.
That the results would be better
than anything he'd ever hoped
for.
It's a shame that he got killed
before he got to try it first.
Are you okay?
I just can't believe he died
before he got to see the
results.
And you.
his son.
You have the last vial.
It's almost as if everything is
meant to be.
You're blessed.
Maybe we can reverse engineer
it somehow.
It'll just get weaker and
weaker over time.
In 24 hours. it may be
worthless. I don't know.
It might be even worthless now.
Do you think I should drink
it?
If you don't.
can I?
This is for you. dad.
Brad. table.
Rebecca.
Breathe. breathe.
Brad. she's gone mate.
- No!
- Brad. she's gone.
She's gone.
Okay?
What was that?
- What the fuck?
- Oh. God.
Ollie. grab a knife.
Knife's on the table.
Look. just stay calm. I'm
gonna cut you out. okay?
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Thank you.
No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
No. no. no. no.
What the fuck is going on?
Holy shit!
Jen!
Jen. we've got signal.
Jen. let go of my hand.
Let go of my hand.
Jen. let go.
Jen!
Jen.
I don't like the look of
this.
No shit!
The cupboard. go. go. go. go.
Oh. I don't feel so good.
It's a normal part of the
process.
I feel like I wanna be sick.
But at the same time. I wanna
eat a big bloody steak.
Your body is growing and
changing rapidly.
You'll need some protein.
Why the fuck did you bring me
here?
You fucking backstabber.
No.
I'm alive because I've earned
their trust.
You have to do the same.
He's got a vial.
I thought you said I had the
last one.
He doesn't have the perfected
batch like yours.
Are you lying to me?
Mr. Kenning's son. he's with
us.
Was that it?
Am I safe?
No.
Prove your worth.
What are you talking about?
You must fight one of the
tribe.
There.
Does that prove my worth?
You've defeated the weakest
member of the tribe.
Now the tribe lives within you.
Whoa. I beat him.
I won!
Now what?
You have to kill the one you
beat.
He's no longer a member of the
tribe.
Come on. Caitlin.
Where are you?
These tunnels can't go on
forever.
We'll run into her eventually.
They just don't give up. do
they?
Ollie. back-to-back.
You deal with everything in this
direction.
I'll deal with everything in
that direction.
Any Army tips for me?
Yeah. don't get hit.
Switch sides. switch sides.
Did you see that shit?
Ollie!
How's your injury?
Injury?
Did you not see me fighting with
my usual high standards?
I didn't notice.
Well. that's harsh.
He didn't make it.
No one made it.
Maybe that prick. Richard
Kenning.
So. where is he?
He run off with some woman we
found.
Some woman?
She works with Kenning's dad.
She said that apparently. they
made all of these monsters
out of the homeless people.
Jesus!
We need to get out of here.
Brad.
I don't wanna leave him.
We need to prioritize our
safety.
We're gonna have to come back
for him.
Yes. ma'am.
What's going on?
They're questioning your
presence.
I've already proved my worth.
You lied to me. I know you
did.
You bitch!
What have you done to me?
I've turned you into
something
your father would be proud of.
Why?
Because you're just like your
father.
Bullshit!
Remember what you said
about making worthless lives
useful?
You're eager to continue his
work.
Bitch.
It wasn't one of his creations
that killed him.
It was you.
Don't strain yourself.
It'll just make the pain worse.
Get back here.
Bitch!
Jesus. Caitlin.
You paid attention in basic
training.
That should do it.
So. they draw first blood?
Who are you. Mary Poppins?
Where did you get all that
stuff?
Found a little storage room.
These things must have raided
that disused mine we drove past.
Yeah.
I reckon all these tunnels.
they're all connected somehow.
Seriously?
And to think Kenning's dad
was experimenting
on all these poor souls.
and everyone thought he was
helping them.
Whoever they were.
their personalities have long
been erased.
Whatever he did to them.
I don't even think you can call
them human anymore.
Just like animals.
Mindless.
just run on instinct.
Okay. I think we're good until
we get you to a doctor.
I hate you.
You big baby.
I swear to God. Caitlin.
if we get out of this. we
getting different jobs?
We?
Yeah!
We.
We need to go.
Yeah.
Please. I'm not looking for a
fight.
Who's this?
This is the evil bitch who
was helping old man Kenning
with his experiments.
I didn't help Kenning. I
stopped him.
And we are meant to believe
you why?
I literally just saved your
lives.
I'm not buying it.
You run off the very second that
Rebecca was attacked.
I had to get away for my own
safety.
I didn't know who yo guys were
or if I could trust you.
Rich was the one that followed
me.
So. what do you want now?
I wanna burn this place down
to the ground.
Anyone who has a similar goal is
an ally of mine.
And what about your newfound
friend. Rich?
I told you he followed me.
He's obsessed with his dad.
he thought I had all the
answers.
I didn't help Kenning.
I was abducted.
I'd lost everything.
I didn't know anyone in this
country.
I came to the farm because there
was a generous man
who offered to help people down
on their luck.
When Kenning first brought me
down here.
he was going to experiment on
me.
But I managed to get out of it.
So why didn't you escape?
When Dr. Kenning died.
I thought that escaping this
place would be easy.
But his creatures go wild
without their leader.
They didn't kill me but they
didn't want me to leave.
So. where's Rich now?
I forced him to drink the
medicine
before he could force it on
anyone else.
What does the medicine do?
It turns you into these
monsters.
One of his father's tribe.
So Rich is one of them now?
He's still turning. but he
will be.
Brilliant.
So now he's gonna be twice as
fast. twice as strong
and twice as stupid.
You wanna destroy this place?
We need to find somewhere to
plant these.
Follow me.
That stupid bitch.
I do feel stronger.
That vial hasn't done me any
harm.
My Kenning blood has kept me
strong.
Give me another vial.
I'll be even stronger.
Don't you know all this is mine?
My dad made you.
You're mine.
Where are you going?
Is it that bitch?
This is a part of the old
mining pit.
It's directly under the cave
system
where Kenning's creations live.
And what's with the
explosives?
Left over from the mine.
So. if we blow this place
up...
Their whole world will
collapse.
And it'll finally be over.
Let's see what's in those
barrels.
Can I help?
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa!
Be careful.
This stuff is really volatile.
The chemical compounds in
dynamite
haven't changed for 200 years.
Very knowledgeable. for a man
with muscles
where his brain should be.
You're looking a little under
the weather there. Rich.
Did you really think I was
gonna let you destroy
my dad's legacy?
You're just another sick.
twisted prick.
just like your father.
Well. they say the apple
doesn't fall far from the tree.
This guy will kill all three of
you with his bare hands.
Go get her.
He looks like he's taken his
juice.
Let's go daddy's boy.
They're twice as fast. twice
as strong.
Stop!
Your mom!
Twice as stupid.
Caitlin.
Help me.
Brad.
Hey.
Scared you'd lost me?
That's good.
Maya.
I'm sorry.
Sorry for what?
I didn't attach the last
explosive on time.
No worries. we can do it.
Hold this. apply pressure.
You don't understand.
They're attracted to the noise.
This place is going to be filled
with creatures.
you guys won't be able to fight
them.
Then we need to get you out
of here.
I'm not going anywhere.
And I'm not leaving you
behind.
We can get you help.
I'm losing too much blood.
I'll die either in here or out
there.
I'd rather die knowing that I
took this place
to hell with me.
What are you saying?
Even if you could save me.
I don't wanna live in a world
where this place still exists.
We can't let you do that.
You have no choice.
I'm going to blow this place up.
whether you're here or not.
Come on.
Come on. Caitlin
Go!
Run!
That's it. I'm done.
I'm serving cocktails on a
beach.
What. with shit pay and lousy
tourists?
No responsibilities. good
weather.
Yeah. the easy life.